expand committee position descriptions (#26)
redbrick/open-governance: committee/Graphics Design Officer.md

---
title: Graphics Design Officer
created: 2024-01-18T19:49:29
modified: 2025-03-25T02:36:47
tags:
  - committee
aliases:
  - GDO
  - graphics
---

# Graphics Design Officer (GDO)

## Constitution Definition

[6 Duties of the Governing Executive Committee](../documents/Constitution.md#6%20Duties%20of%20the%20Governing%20Executive%20Committee)

> >**6.14** The Public Relations Officer (PRO), along with the Secretary, shall be responsible for the advertising of all functions of the Society through all means possible.
> >**6.15** The Public Relations Officer (PRO), along with the Secretary, shall deal with external correspondence and maintain record of the contribution of outside bodies have had for the Society and to give notice of all members of these contributions.

Reviewer: The file is named GDO but seems to have PRO's role.

```suggestion
>**6.23** The Graphics Design Officer (GDO) shall be responsible for the design and creation of art assets for events and promotional materials. They shall also liaise with the Events Officer(s), PRO and Secretary in the commissioning and distribution of said materials.
```

Author: oops
